## README.md
	Map-pfSense-Connections
	Created on 1/15/2023
	Created by PoconoNeo v1.0

PfSense Connection Report Viewer
  This project is designed to generate a report from PfSense firewall logs and display the active connections on a map using a Flask web server.
  
## Overview

	The `pfsense_connection_report.py` script processes logs from a PfSense firewall to create a JSON file containing geolocation data for IP addresses. The `app.py` Flask application then reads this JSON file and serves a web page that displays the locations of these IP addresses on a map.

## Prerequisites

	- Python 3.x
	- Flask
	- Requests (if the `pfsense_connection_report.py` requires external API calls)
	- Any other dependencies required by `pfsense_connection_report.py`

Make sure Python and pip are correctly installed on your system, and use pip to install Flask and any other required Python packages.

Installation
	Clone the repository or download the project files to your local machine.

	Navigate to the project directory.

	Install the required Python packages:
		pip install flask requests

Ensure that the pfsense_connection_report.py and app.py scripts are in the project directory.

Configuration
	Before running the scripts, make sure to configure them properly:

	If pfsense_connection_report.py needs to connect to a PfSense firewall, ensure you have the necessary credentials and network access.
	Configure app.py to point to the correct location of the JSON file generated by pfsense_connection_report.py.

Running the Project
	To generate the report and start the web server, you can use the provided batch script (Windows) or shell script (Unix-like systems).

	For Unix-like Systems:
	Run the shell script in the terminal:
		./run_reports.sh

	For Windows Systems:
		Run the batch script by double-clicking run_reports.bat or from the command prompt:
		run_reports.bat

The Flask server will start, and you can view the report by navigating to http://localhost:81 in your web browser.

Viewing the Data
	Once the Flask server is running, it will serve an interactive map at the root URL (http://localhost:81). The map will display pins representing active connections, which you can click to view more information.

License
	This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

Acknowledgments
	Thanks to the contributors of the Flask and Leaflet.js projects.
	This project uses the ip-api service for geolocation data.
	ip-api.com for performing the geotag info
For more information on how to use or contribute to this project, please refer to the project documentation or contact the maintainers.
